GCC2023 updates (#1889)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/events/gcc2023/register/index.md

---
autotoc: false
---

<slot name="/events/gcc2023/header" />

<div class="text-center my-5">
    <a target="_blank" href="https://gcc-2023.eventbrite.com.au/" type="button" class="btn btn-primary center">
        <strong>Register now</strong>
    </a>
    <br>

>     <a target="_blank" href="/events/gcc2023/sponsors/" type="button" class="btn btn-primary center">
>         <strong>View sponsorship opportunities</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <a target="_blank" href="https://forms.gle/ETCPW8Vnprbij7zn6" type="button" class="btn btn-primary center">
        <strong>Submit an abstract</strong>
```
